BigFungus/soft.md, before:

---
title: How to find something soft
keywords: zniw adventure, how to reach fungilla, zniw help winged dinosaur, zniw soft
order: 110
---

A Navajodactylus that's currently recovering in the Healer's house asked you for something soft to rest on - in return, he promised something 'nifty'.

## What did he have to say?
"What happened to you?" ^[A giant creature slammed into him, hurting his wing badly and making him crash-land here.]
"Are you a resident of the village?" ^[No, he's a resident of Little Pteronia and crashed here.]

## What else did he have to say?
"Who is the home owner?" ^[The village healer, who has a friend working in the pharmacy nearby. She's out of the house at the minute, trying to find a stolen skull.]

# What kind of thing is he looking for?
He specified something soft - and it should probably be big enough to sleep on.

# What should I look out for?
Something that's traditionally loved by humans.

## Like what? 
A pillow!

# Where can I find a pillow?
Do you remember a certain someone whose job it was to create pillows?

# Hmm...
They weren't very good at it - and their father found them annoying.

## Tell me where to find this bad-at-pillow-making person.
They're a sister of Tra, and can be found right next to her on the farm.

# But all of these pillows are unfinished!
All except one.

## Surely you don't mean...
That's right. We're stealing a pillow from the elderly Nothronychus.

# You snooze, you lose!
You're really bad to the (dinosaur) bone, aren't you? Anyway, it's for a good cause; give it to the Navajodactylus.

# Hooray!
You now have a special pass for the pantry.

Commit message:

Push 14
Massive chunk of work! Mostly wanting to see how messy it will be on the site so I can make any changes. Plus, links will proably break, so I'm trying to get ahead of those.

BigFungus/soft.md, after:

---
title: How to find something soft
keywords: zniw adventure, how to reach fungilla, zniw help winged dinosaur, zniw soft
order: 110
---

A Navajodactylus that's currently recovering in the Healer's house asked you for something soft to rest on - in return, he promised something 'nifty'.

## What did he have to say?
"What happened to you?" ^[A giant creature slammed into him, hurting his wing badly and making him crash-land here.]
"Are you a resident of the village?" ^[No, he's a resident of Little Pteronia and crashed here.]

## What else did he have to say?
"Who is the home owner?" ^[The village healer, who has a friend working in the pharmacy nearby. She's out of the house at the minute, trying to find a stolen skull.]

# What kind of thing is he looking for?
He specified something soft - and it should probably be big enough to sleep on.

# What should I look out for?
Something that's traditionally loved by humans.

## Like what? 
A pillow!

# Where can I find a pillow?
Do you remember a certain someone whose job it was to create pillows?

# Hmm...
They weren't very good at it - and their father found them annoying.

## Tell me where to find this bad-at-pillow-making person.
She is Tra's sister, and can be found in the farmhouse where you talked to her father.

# But all of these pillows are unfinished!
All except one.

## Surely you don't mean...
That's right. We're stealing a pillow from the elderly Nothronychus.

# You snooze, you lose!
You're really bad to the (dinosaur) bone, aren't you? Anyway, it's for a good cause; give it to the Navajodactylus.

# Hooray!
You now have a special pass for the pantry.

# Where is the pantry?
On the west side of the village, the street northwest of the market. It's being guarded by a Unescoceratops pacing back and forth.

## How do I get in?
The Unescoceratops will let you in if you show him your pantry pass.
