ScatteredWoods/backpack.md, before:

---
title: How to craft a backpack
keywords: zniw adventure, zniw how to play, how to get out of the scattered woods, scattered woods zniw
order: 30
---

You've been told to make a backpack twice now - so how do you do it?

# What do I need to make a backpack?
You'll need something big and durable to hold your stuff, and a strap to carry it all on your back.

# Where do I find a strap?
You may find something useful if you continue walking down the path.

## Tell me where to find a strap.
In the 'Scattered Woods Turn' (found at the end of the middle and right paths), you can grab a Vine that will act as a strap.

# Where do I find something big and durable?
Have you been down the left path yet?

# Yes, but not much here...
And did you follow it all the way to the left?

# Ah!
The clue's in the name of one of the things you can interact with here!

## How do I take these durable leaves?
Assuming you've tried and been met with a kind old turtle, her responses were:

"Is that your place?" ^[Yes, it's her home and humble shop! Just don't even think about swimming in the nearby river.]
"Can I take these leaves?" ^[Yes! They were just there temporarily.]
"Do you know how to create a backpack?" ^[She echoes the Hesperonychus' sentiment - something durable to hold items, and a strap to keep it on your back.]
"About the husband you mentioned..." ^[He's been missing for months after checking on the pterosaurs in the area.]

She also asked you to go on an errand.

# What was the errand?
You need to collect a pine cone and some white flowers for her. 

See [this guide](errand.md) for help with finding them.

Commit message:

Push 6
First area completely written up.

ScatteredWoods/backpack.md, after:

---
title: How to craft a backpack
keywords: zniw adventure, zniw how to play, how to get out of the scattered woods, scattered woods zniw
order: 20
---

A backpack would make life a lot easier - so you should make one!

# What do I need to make a backpack?
You'll need something big and durable to hold your stuff, and a strap to carry it all on your back.

# Where do I find a strap?
You may find something useful if you thoroughly explore the area.

## Tell me where to find a strap.
In the 'Scattered Woods Turn' (found at the far end of the middle and right paths), you can grab a Vine that will act as a strap.

# Where do I find something big and durable?
Have you been down the left path yet?

# Yes, but there's not much here...
And did you follow it all the way to the left?

# Ah!
The clue's in the name of one of the things you can interact with here!

## How do I take these durable leaves?
Assuming you've tried to take them and been met with a kind old turtle, her responses were:

"Is that your place?" ^[Yes, it's her home and humble shop! Just don't even think about swimming in the nearby river.]
"Can I take these leaves?" ^[Yes! They were just there temporarily.]
"Do you know how to create a backpack?" ^[She echoes the Hesperonychus' sentiment - something durable to hold items, and a strap to keep it on your back.]

## What else did she have to say?
"About the husband you mentioned..." ^[He's been missing for months after checking on the pterosaurs in the area.]

She also asked you to go on an errand.

# What was the errand?
You need to collect a pine cone and some white flowers for her. 

See [this guide](errand.md) for help with finding them.

# But how do I make the backpack?
The leaves are still on the front of the house, slightly obscured by the turtle - you can only pick them up if you drop the vine.

# How do I drop the vine?
In the top left, hold left-click and then release over the 'drop' option.

# Now what?
You're free to pick up the leaves!

## How do I make a backpack?
With the vine on the floor and durable leaves in your inventory, you should hold left click on the leaves and release click on the 'Use' option.

From there, click on the dropped piece of vine to combine them and get the Small Backpack! Hooray!

Now, get back on track - complete the turtle's [errand!](errand.md)

# But wait, what can I use the backpack for?
Well, you can now carry five items at once, and combine them from within your inventory.
