ScatteredWoods/navigation.md, before:

---
title: How to navigate the woods
keywords: zniw adventure, zniw how to play, how to get out of the scattered woods, scattered woods zniw
order: 10
---

Civilisation feels so far away - and it is! How do you get around this strange forest?

# Where should I start?
The sign said Rivenn-na falls was 2km away. We should be trying to close that distance.

Oh, and don't forget to grab the object of Zniw's desire!

# Object? What object? Where?
The interesting rock that Zniw was chasing in the cutscene - it's on the right side of the clearing you woke up in, on the ground.

Note that these pebbles are optional and only used to unlock bonus content in the Extras menu. See if you can find them all by yourself!

Some pebbles will still be pointed out to you, if they're related to certain items or directly in your path. Most, however, are up to you to find.

# I'll do my best - but for now, how do I get out of this forest?
There are three possible paths to take (left, middle, and right) - why not do a bit of exploring?

# I have taken the path on the right!
And what did you see?

# Aww, a sleepy dinosaur!
He's got wings - maybe he can tell you which way civilisation is?

# OI!! WAKE UP!
That was quite rude of you. Anyway, this is what the Hesperonychus tells you:

"Do you know how to get to Wajapulka?" ^[It's a long walk, over the river in the northern part of the woods.]
"Where am I, anyway?" ^[The scattered woods!]
"How do I get out of this place?" ^[Go to the northern part of the woods and cross the bridge.]

## What else did he have to say?
"You mentioned 'preparing properly'..." ^[Look for rope, food supplies, rocks to start a fire - and make yourself a backpack.]

# How do I make a backpack?
Having one would definitely make life easier - see [this guide](backpack.md) for hints on making a backpack.

# What else can I find in the forest?
The minimap, accessed by clicking the icon in the top right, can show you a general layout of the area.

Commit message:

Push 12
Lots of work on Fungilla complete. This is a large chunk of the game, wow!

ScatteredWoods/navigation.md, after:

---
title: How to survive in this strange forest
keywords: zniw adventure, zniw how to play, how to get out of the scattered woods, scattered woods zniw
order: 10
---

Civilisation feels so far away - and it is! How do you get around this strange forest?

# Where should I start?
The sign said Rivenn-na falls was 2km away. We should be trying to close that distance.

Oh, and don't forget to grab the object of Zniw's desire!

# Object? What object? Where?
The interesting rock that Zniw was chasing in the cutscene - it's on the right side of the clearing you woke up in, on the ground.

Note that these pebbles are optional and only used to unlock bonus content in the Extras menu. See if you can find them all by yourself!

Some pebbles will still be pointed out to you, if they're related to certain items or directly in your path. Most, however, are up to you to find.

# I'll do my best - but for now, how do I get out of this forest?
There are three possible paths to take (left, middle, and right) - why not do a bit of exploring?

# I have taken the path on the right!
And what did you see?

# Aww, a sleepy dinosaur!
He's got wings - maybe he can tell you which way civilisation is?

# OI!! WAKE UP!
That was quite rude of you. Anyway, this is what the Hesperonychus tells you:

"Do you know how to get to Wajapulka?" ^[It's a long walk, over the river in the northern part of the woods.]
"Where am I, anyway?" ^[The scattered woods!]
"How do I get out of this place?" ^[Go to the northern part of the woods and cross the bridge.]

## What else did he have to say?
"You mentioned 'preparing properly'..." ^[Look for rope, food supplies, rocks to start a fire - and make yourself a backpack.]

# How do I make a backpack?
Having one would definitely make life easier - see [this guide](backpack.md) for hints on making a backpack.

# What else can I find in the forest?
The minimap, accessed by clicking the icon in the top right, can show you a general layout of the area.
